jsf bffs with your host david diaz the
wonderful the awesome the inevitable
David go thank you and I run cool so we
don't have a note-taker sign would
someone like to volunteer to take notes
for this hall Emily thank you they're
awesome all right so um if you haven't
done the things you want to talk about
in this meeting please do add them to
the agenda the first item was not tell
by me but definitely important to go
true not true whoever but I can do the
review so the first item is review to
confer prosperous and why we are to two
weeks behind the schedule at we at point
four so if you if you have a look at the
the mouse down the road map or just a
chief s we are like workin all them also
to getting a lot of tests getting things
like work we're very well it is really
like we plan initially to like have that
done by the third week of august with
weak sauce with august unfortunately
like several things the last week of
july was expand having discussions about
fafsa but other things related with a
PFS five migrations my POV and so on
which was not the work week for anyone
and more recently we have been like
having some hurdles with the migration
to full swims like eating some like
robots which take a second has more time
also like when we decided to go into a
different route they're not just dreams
we also had like to spend some time
discussing those and like a boy in the
options which like basically stallers
more time than we actually hoped for so
we've got us a little bit wait with our
initial plans to have all of these like
tests and the mic like they are handling
done very well and getting I pfl just a
bit as more robust this in a sense like
I don't know like what are the type of
them off papers
any other concerns in terms like what we
can do to improve it there's like
definitely things that we've been
talking about that like always steals a
bunch of 5 from the government because
if people that are doing Jessica fest
are doing all the jazz stuff on the IP
15 things that back each time we go into
just agree 50 pies and we the problem
with the CVP I and then what we spend
like one day trying to figure out why
there is something weird happening with
the CBP I now we are losing a bunch of
time at each time we need to upgrade our
code base like the multi to the module
that we have available and we have to
wait for CI to like run all the tests
like we spend a bunch of time waiting
for all the set and these are issues
that they've been I grow up several
times during the last month and like
doing previous month like last month
again and I keep we can improve that
process and there is capacity and
availability to get the TV I gather to
get the CI set up faster way faster it
will be things that I could I know of
the team to move progress at the most
faster pace they're not faster present
without we are right now yeah Richard
obviously yeah go ahead feel okay cool
um right so I was the one who wrote it
sorry that I forgot Chapman mine in
there um thank you for addressing for
addressing most of it um the main reason
i want to put i just wanted to call
mainly attention to this simply as just
for us and when we do planning um just
to be aware of a lot of things that
happened we're somewhat known whether
with the planning arm and we kind of we
we underestimated them at least I did
some of them um and I think we just can
learn from this in terms of how we we
estimate some things and just know that
things often take longer yeah
which is like a common issue when
developing software and I think that's
more like a project management issue
then I specifically just a PFS or what
they are doing we just have BFS we do
try to keep like like we do try to
always have a list of items that each
girl is composed of and we always I try
to see and I picture that the ball is
rolling in every direction so that like
we don't lose track of anything there is
always like hospitals at you will face
that we cannot predict there is always
like things that consume our time the
poor not in the plans I do think though
again but this is more of purchasing
management thing I don't think they like
being optimistic and I think dishes and
I try to push as much harder as we can
in the short amount of time even like if
we have to do a little bit but like if
we like a nest and why we do the world
is more important than just like having
a lot of space to do less work and then
and then I be more comfortable because
we would have liked more space than more
time than we actually needed I don't
know I didn't want to or I don't think
like its proper protective to use this
time to like go through those things we
definitely it's something that we
touched in the last gathering p I don't
know or I don't know what I do like best
and i dunno i work best and make
something that everyone who feels that
like you should change that we should
like have smaller milestones and like
I've always time to like the time that
we expect to develop and the time that
week we add as a buffer always on the
road map it seems like something that I
can go like to ask then we can
definitely discuss it and I figure out
especially when we update the road map
the next time we can like account for
that and make sure that we always have
buffer time just for
it's kind of issues which is very run or
three Delta yet yeah yeah I'd make makes
sense I think to add some proper time I
don't see that we will run into the
problem of oh we have all this much time
and we're like going and relaxing I
don't think that's going to be any issue
but I'd rather have a more realistic
approach to the estimates like we're
doing them then to make them as
squeezable as possible given that we all
know things often take longer and things
come up because it does create like
being you know two days behind schedule
is nothing we sweat unless there is a
specific date we have to 22 delivery to
being two weeks behind is for me at
least personally already like feeling
like it gives me a bad feeling right and
I'd rather avoid that as much as
possible um yeah these are all really
great comments and I think that some of
this will be resolved especially as mad
and I finish ironing out the PM process
but why don't you spend the rest of this
call going over the rest of the q2 goals
um it looks like there's um a lot left
under the testing infrastructure um as
well as some of the dependencies um do
you want to start going over that to
read yeah sure happy to so I just have
one of the things I'm on Mike the goal
of the milestone like the quality and
the correctness of the documentation the
what are the problems that we had in the
past was because of like the lack of
good error handling in terms of like no
gestures worked and that's why we'd like
to see huge discussion about migrating
triple streams or react reactive but we
decided to go with the full stream the
now like finally today we are like all
the tests across all the modules passing
using full streams which is like good
news now like
we need we don't what there's some I'm
sorry which ones we take it feel you
finally and they were rude no wonder
what there is still one issue left with
WebSockets ok but that's not an issue
that's something that we already talked
and we know how to solve it you know
there's something you wear tests are
failing with WebSockets at the moment
because of the valve closed streams no
because of something weird ok can you
point though it's in the list that we
add a two issues with ok where this the
speedy one there's a second one in that
list but we are very close to finishing
all the list having all the PTP tests
pass yeah ok definitely add that to the
notes I need to check that again than
triples seems like an end this sorry
yeah cool and I to merge all of those
both dream PRS they just need to add a
documentation of what's going on there
and like explain people while we are
using for streams as we agree in the
past yeah yeah uh I just wanted to say
that this is a really good morning well
because what the proposal to pull
strings was coming up oh it's like this
is going to take a million years and
it's going to be very slow changing a
technology throughout Echo Base it's
never easy it's full of questions it's
full of things that you didn't know
we're going to happen and so yeah it's
like a really hard thing to do even in
the evenin the change seems small even
if like though oh it should just be like
stopping one library out always the
students going to take a lot longer
always a service gonna like a bunch of
problems um so in general I would and
this is like a different public forum
inefficient but
it would be great to I'm not like that
it seems to me and like maybe this is
just my expiration outside but it seems
to me like JJ said because like it jumps
through a bunch of different
technologies like a lot into that's a
bunch of time dealing with that dealing
with the option of adopting a bunch of
different tank and then to being like
not actually useful work because it's
like uh um there was one way of doing it
one like this this thing in like now
we're everyone getting a car like guys
with this other plates rate and like
then we take a long time to get in there
and they go somewhere else so I would
just like a cautionary warning the next
time that another shiny thing comes out
and say k isn't this amazing I was like
yeah it's nice thing let's all switch
everything to it click hold up oh so
yeah yeah freedo yeah one very important
thing I wanted to mention here is yes
this we have that issue in the
JavaScript world I want to say or at
least there's a lot of part of the
community likes shiny new things I also
liked Jenny things I'm not going to deny
that um I do want to point out though
that the pool stream change was done due
to the simple fact that we were running
against issues and node streams that we
were not we didn't effectively know how
to fix um with act without actually like
rewriting the whole library um because
basic things like error and and
propagation are simply not there and we
were just seeing that didn't see a way
out ah fixing yes so there is like a
very long issue like detailing scrubbing
all of that definitely burning taken and
we should be very cautious when we start
talking about the new API for just the
PFS or whatever we're going to do
internally because really great but
that's real setback
it was or doing that investment or
reinventing the wheel ourselves in order
to make it better so I know it be
cautious but sometimes we also have to
do it just making sure that we are
making the right decision at the right
time so the ice is like we already I
spent half of the meeting going to jump
in one item that I would like to bring
attention from everyone to it which is
the cannibals we talked at 232 Monday's
ago about getting an API in a way to do
the context canceling think like Garvey
festas because it's kind of like really
hard to do that in JavaScript because
I'm like all the call back garden and
since we have all these interactions
where like some clients from a COI from
an API an API client asked for some
blocks access those files and it like
speed swap start like trying to fetch
this blog from the network and until
away the the client disappears that
isn't there is no more interest in of
those blogs and beast 12 attack steel
like munching still doing the work and
it is not easy at all to like we can
hack it but the way to hack it is just
like like add a lot of like Czechs
everywhere and like leaf callbacks
hanging till they get fired once so that
they can be discarded after being fired
at cetera and we need to figure out a
way to bring the idea of context into
JavaScript so that we can cancel those
interactions I open an issue on later
photographer score and well I'm sure I
can only be busy but like no one has
commented yet I would really like people
to pay attention to the plan and bring
input point yeah i'll totally write it
there and still thinking through the
phone um I got some ideas of how you
could have come at a text in JavaScript
rah it's more about it to how the call X
work there is a fun of a problem that
you can't you don't have switch
in JavaScript like you can't wait for
two things at once um it by definition
of callbacks right is that it's not code
routine this it's called X so because of
that you're always going to end up with
a problem that you will have something
hanging with a call back and it has to
be fired and the first thing that caught
likes does is check its context and the
context says hey you're done then it
just returns even if you just got the
data that like you need it or something
like no it's a constant um and so that's
I think the only way to look like sanely
and birthing context in JavaScript as
its without changing like it's ken
showing model but i'll stop it with us
there i don't want to like i said this
year because you helped your mother time
yeah definitely it'll be very hard like
to reach a conclusion here do not though
from like one thing that has this notion
of context and like a boring the request
is the heb module in note the thing is
like we should be module which is like
this black box that you would like to
make a request and like you call abort
on that request the way that the nature
of like oh I PFS works like we would
have a board like a files up get for
example and the files get to get to get
to board the beat swap call step he
calls to get the blocks and then the be
top will have to call aboard the book
service or the thing that he is like
asking from the network so it has to be
something I'd like chains very well and
that's like one thing about the others
but not yeah go ahead that's what
context does it go ah yeah i saw ideas
from therapist would look like other
shows an addition see ya thank you you
know it just one quick note on that
there is another discussion going on it
on exactly this theme which is on the
standards bodies around cancellable
promises and the run promises which is
the current discussion around how to
handle things like cancel actions
especially things like fetch that
introduced promise api's for HTTP
requests in the browser
need a standard way to be able to be
cancelled there's already that's already
been a lot of work around this and there
are there in couple of presentations and
and suggestions so we definitely should
look at that just for important
references yeah definitely if you
couldn't bring all that to that issue
and even if we know the people that are
involved on that draft spec probably we
can invite them to like chat on that
trail as oh and bring their what they
have one that we are pretty great cool
so definitely pity that we have 10
minutes left why talk about what you're
going to do this week this week is going
to be about like merging the post stream
stuff definitely will check at the
WebSockets one need to see what's going
on there but all the other ones like TP
speedy swarm unify the whip you to pap
fest or PTFE fest browser bit swap
getting all of the missing the
commutation they're reviewing again
making sure that we don't miss anything
and like start merging and start
physically getting all that effort and
call it done the other thing that we
need to complete is I don't know what of
work on getting interface FS Corps more
complete like adding the rest of the API
specs getting a lot of tests there that
I run on Jessie PFS API and Jessa PFS
and I leave one extra thing than I
didn't plan in the beginning but reality
to the roadmap actually another thing
you might want to call me out on that
because like I added items to the
roadmap like there's the extra section
maybe I should not do that but I tell
you go to borden accepted back so it is
raining I so like running the interface
Africa's core tests over IP FS API the
client library against the
implementation of HTTP API a spare
on Jessie PFS so basically we are
running the same tests through core and
through the CBP I and this way we are
fixing the HTTP I making sure because I
we don't have a batch of test from HTTPS
back to run against it so we are wearing
the same test but truth our client
library which we know it works against
you I PFS so it looks like we get like
some level of confidence assurance that
the HTTP i implemented stuff correctly
because jessica ASAP i can talk with it
and with that we actually found like a
bunch of bucks so it was very productive
i already did it for a bunch of api's we
are just missing files and swarm swarm
requires me to change a little bit of
whip you to appear to be able to dial
two nodes that we don't know the ID
beforehand it just like physically some
little changes we just assume that we
already we would always knew the the IPF
SI d beforehand leather i could make it
easier because we could then i check if
area connection etc now we just have to
change that to the packet gets the ID
from the identify or second you know
first and then like it then understands
it you know it does appear that song too
yeah so like need to change yet in order
to be able to pass the same tests and
then ditch the files the files there is
a PR to get the app DF command working
through a cheap EP a-- which box a lot i
was working on it couple months ago I
believe he's pretty busy right now I'd
like to check with them but we might
have to continue and finish up and clean
up that work it needs a rebase and it
needs to be completed once we have that
add HTTP API endpoint of min just ffs we
can run this and tests and and we've
done with it as fell into things
everyone 10-page awesome cool so yeah
the big merge of po streams the the
remaining tests for plating whip it
appear to be able to dial without a PFS
IDEs
then there is the network testing which
is something that i started working
before the internet archive but it's
it's on a PR right now it is like
spawning nodes just i professed nodes
and like destroying them by creating
tests that like really test jetta TFS in
the epoxidation so that we know that
like if some node fails in the network
or like if something goes wrong that the
other nails don't crash because I know a
socket closed or something especially
now that we have there or propagation
than bright with four strips so this
will be like the treating of like bigger
focus for this week oh um yeah yeah
pretty girl yes anything anything give
your ad here to this list I don't think
so oh ok well we are we applaud anyone
have any questions thoughts ideas go
ahead one just uh why I feel these stuff
you want to cover with me oh yeah um
yeah so we def uh is that our next
meeting no we don't have an ID building
meeting now IAM let PDP sorry yeah um so
what I hope to have is like some time
with you and Jeremy like an hour maybe
two hours just to go to all the things i
need to change in order to get to the
new see ids and then when i figure out
the list of like the action items that
needs to be done in order to get IPL
beyond jessica fest and working over the
top i'm sure there will be some things
that like we will need to change
specifically on beat swap to work on go
I PFS that it might be more clear for go
I PFS and then we can just like porch
those ideas to just give us
and the like as soon as we get together
it would be like yeah as soon as we get
together it'd be pretty cool if we the
first thing that we do like two hours
just like brain trust and I get a twist
out so that also we can evaluate the
amount of time and effort if we need to
put in order to get that done and auntie
yeah see how much time with that you
like and if we can like now as the
priorities and get that them sooner than
I do so okay all right okay so yeah well
pretty you don't like to give an update
on them Jessica fast distribution ties
things all right I don't you do it has
to be within three minutes yeah I can I
can do it in three minutes um I made an
effort to porch jsap FS API to use fetch
directly which is the replacement and
browsers or xhr in modern browsers come
to reduce the file size of chase a PFS
API um is well successful and so far
then I have test passing in modern
browsers IE chrome and yeah and Crow and
and most tests are pressing and other
browsers the problem is that chrome is
the only eight browser that actually
implements proper streaming for fetch
requests all the other browsers are just
saying like now like we can fetch stuff
but we don't do streaming are witches
makes one particular request impossible
for us which is I PFS logs long tail is
an HTP request which just hangs it stays
open and it will just send data until
you cancel it you can't actually cancel
requests and some other browsers on
fetch API so we can't even like say okay
we wait too
it's and we cancel it and that we take
the result so what happens is you have
to actually fall back on xhr fritanga so
I have to pull in excess our
replacements for those other browsers
for that case but this test version does
reduce with the addition of the change
in multi hashing does reduce the file
size by fifty percent so we are minified
below half a meg now whereas before we
were close to a Meg which is a mess can
we that's pretty cool like definitely
especially because again it's just like
removing a bunch of the crypt of
dependencies that we're adding a lot of
ways now can we have that in separate
pr's can we have like the crypto
dependencies scheming on one PR and the
migration to fetch in another PR because
it seems like it's not bad better now
this is the pen so because we move to
fetch we can drop all the crypto shims
from load otherwise you can't drop them
in jsf FS API because what we currently
use is wreck and wreck is was written
your original library so it requires
HTTP and HTTPS and those pull and all
the crypto dependencies because our
modular and so it just pulled in all the
crypto stuff yeah H users for HTTPS
requests the crypto stuff in the browser
so it doesn't ship anything crypto stuff
cook your things or doing these requests
um but we also added a lot of like
crypto stuff with web crypto and like
the dependencies that yes yes so that's
a different PR on yeah yeah yeah that's
another different repo yeah that's a
dependency that we need to fix um so
technical point it's two o'clock and our
lid PDP call needs to happen communis
conversation to get up yeah straight a
zombie come yeah if you can tour the
link in the notes that would be great
yeah oh yeah sure all right thanks
everybody
you